More documentation updates (#300)
ArmoredTurtle/AFC-Klipper-Add-On: documentation/boxturtle/initial_startup/08-calibration.md

---
Title: Calibration
---
## Calibration

> Follow [this guide](../../installation/calibration.md) to calibrate the necessary lengths of your BoxTurtle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow [this guide](../../installation/calibration.md) and run the guided calibration to find the necessary lengths of your BoxTurtle lanes.
```
